= FuseJS
==== Fast and stable JavaScript framework

Most popular JavaScript frameworks share similar features and functionalities 
such as DOM manipulation, event registration, and CSS selector engines. FuseJS 
attempts to incorporate the strengths of these frameworks into one stable, 
efficient, and optimized core JavaScript framework. In many cases developers can
simply replace their supported client-side framework with FuseJS and receive 
instant performance and stability gains while continuing to use the framework 
API they are familiar with.

One unique feature of FuseJS is its ability to emulate other frameworks 
(Prototype supported at launch and jQuery support, in beta form, soon after) 
by creating a shell of the target framework and mapping all API calls to Fuse's 
core. As more frameworks are emulated FuseJS will gain bug fixes and features 
which are shared between all emulated frameworks. For example Prototype 
officially supports Safari 2 while jQuery does not. Under FuseJS, jQuery would 
support Safari 2.  Another example, jQuery supports pages in quirks mode while 
Prototype does not. Under FuseJS, Prototype would support pages in quirks mode. 
Because of FuseJS's optimized core each emulated framework should, as a whole, 
perform better than their official counterpart.

Another unique feature is FuseJS's use of cross-browser/platform sandboxed 
natives. This allows FuseJS to use extended Array, String, Number, Date, and 
RegExp objects without polluting the native objects of the host environment.

FuseJS emphasizes browser capability testing, method forking, and lazy method 
definitions for maintainability and performance. FuseJS also adheres to 
ECMA 2.62 and 3.1-draft specifications. Developers can create customized builds 
of FuseJS and choose their favorite CSS selector engine (NWMatcher and Sizzle 
supported at launch). FuseJS has in-line documentation, supports minification, 
and will be released under the MIT license.

=== Targeted platforms

FuseJS currently targets the following platforms:

* Microsoft Internet Explorer for Windows, version 6.0 and higher
* Mozilla Firefox 1.5 and higher
* Apple Safari 2.0 and higher
* Opera 9.25 and higher

== Using FuseJS

To use FuseJS in your application, download the latest release from the 
FuseJS web site (http://fusejs.com/download) and copy 
<tt>fuse.js</tt> to a suitable location. Then include it in your HTML
like so:

  <script type="text/javascript" src="/path/to/fuse.js"></script>

=== Building FuseJS from source

<tt>fuse.js</tt> is a composite file generated from many source files in 
the <tt>src/</tt> directory. To build FuseJS, you'll need:

* a copy of the FuseJS source tree, either from a distribution tarball or
  from the Git repository (see below)
* Ruby 1.8.2 or higher (http://www.ruby-lang.org/)
* Rake -- Ruby Make (http://rake.rubyforge.org/)
* RDoc, if your Ruby distribution does not include it

From the root FuseJS directory,

* <tt>rake dist</tt> will preprocess the FuseJS source using ERB and 
  generate the composite <tt>dist/fuse.js</tt>.
* <tt>rake package</tt> will create a distribution tarball in the 
  <tt>pkg/</tt> directory.

== Contributing to FuseJS

Check out the FuseJS source with 
  $ git clone git://github.com/jdalton/fusejs.git

Find out how to contribute:
  http://fusejs.com/contribute

== Documentation

Please see the online FuseJS API:
  http://fusejs.com/api
